natsume	Natsume Soseki	I believe you don't really become a finer person just by reading lots of books.	Kokoro	Meredith McKinney	11
natsume	Natsume Soseki	Autumn's already started: / There remains a book / Not yet read though.	Zen Haiku	N/A	12
natsume	Natsume Soseki	People really didn't change very much-- they only decayed.	Grass on the Wayside	Edwin McClellan	13
natsume	Natsume Soseki	"There is nothing in the world more pleasant than to eat something one has never yet eaten, or to see something one has never seen before. "	I Am a Cat	Aiko Ito	14
natsume	Natsume Soseki	"I thought about my diploma... though it seemed to have some significance as a kind of symbol of the beginning of a new life, I could not help feeling that it was a meaningless scrap of paper too."	Kokoro	Edwin McClellan	15
hesse	Hermann Hesse	Wisdom is not communicable. The wisdom which a wise man tries to communicate always sounds foolish.	Siddhartha	Hilda Rosner	21
hesse	Hermann Hesse	"...gentleness is stronger than severity, water is stronger than rock, love is stronger than force."	Siddhartha	Hilda Rosner	22
hesse	Hermann Hesse	"Because the world is so full of death and horror, I try again and again to console my heart and pick the flowers that grow in the midst of hell."	Narcissus and Goldmund	Ursule Molinaro	23
hesse	Hermann Hesse	"If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us."	Demian	Thomas Mann	24
hesse	Hermann Hesse	Morality has always seemed to me insufferable. I can't express it very well.	Demian	Thomas Mann	25
turgenev	Ivan Turgenev	The leaves were whispering faintly over my head: you could have told the time of year from their whisper alone.	A Sportsman's Notebook	Charles and Natasha Hepburn	31
turgenev	Ivan Turgenev	Weak people never put an end to things themselves. They always wait for the end.	Spring Torrents	Leonard Schapiro	32
turgenev	Ivan Turgenev	"Death's an old joke, but it comes fresh to every one."	Fathers and Children	Constance Garnett	33